feat: Document IntervalAction.AuthMethod (#1001)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/support/scheduler/Ch-Scheduler.md

    |Path|The HTTP path at the targeted host for fulfillment of the action.(Only using when type is REST)|

See [Interval](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis-docs/EdgeXFoundry1/support-scheduler/2.1.0#/Interval) and [IntervalAction](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis-docs/EdgeXFoundry1/support-scheduler/2.1.0#/IntervalAction) for more information.

> Note that `AuthMethod: JWT` exposes a sensitive credential
> and should only be used for, and is required to be used for, authenticating to peer EdgeX microservices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning
    `AuthMethod: JWT` exposes a sensitive credential and should only be used for, and is required to be used for, authenticating to peer EdgeX microservices.
```
